Document security header envvars and config items (#1122)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-server/settings/console.rst

MinIO Console
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> *Optional*

Author: Updated formatting throughout to better match the new content.

      This setting does not have a configuration variable setting.
      Use the Environment Variable instead.

Content Security Policy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

*Optional*

Set the `Content-Security-Policy <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_Security_Policy>`__ header in MinIO Console responses.
Defaults to ``default-src 'self' 'unsafe-eval' 'unsafe-inline';``

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Environment Variable
      :sync: envvar

      .. envvar:: MINIO_BROWSER_CONTENT_SECURITY_POLICY

      .. code-block:: shell
         :class: copyable

         set MINIO_BROWSER_CONTENT_SECURITY_POLICY="default-src 'self' 'unsafe-eval' 'unsafe-inline';"

   .. tab-item:: Configuration Setting
      :sync: config

      .. mc-conf:: browser csp_policy
         :delimiter: " "

      .. code-block:: shell

         mc admin config set browser \
            csp_policy="default-src 'self' 'unsafe-eval' 'unsafe-inline';" \

>             [ARGUMENT=VALUE ...]

Author: Is this the correct syntax?

Reviewer: the double/single quotes certainly opens up some space of typos.

https://github.com/minio/minio/pull/18631/files#diff-36cb1e40f5d5539119315861c1595565234347c49b0d61a4861ecb1b5efd97bdR54

But that does look like it.

Strict Transport Security
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

*Optional*

Set the `Strict-Transport-Security <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_Strict_Transport_Security>`__ header in MinIO Console responses.

> Set the appropriate environment variable or configuration settings according to the HSTS requirements for your environment.

Author: Is there a more useful description? Do all these need to be set in order for the Strict-Transport-Security header to be created? The feature PR notes there is no default value.

Reviewer: Deferring to @pjuarezd here, but maybe @kaankabalak or @rushenn might have some insight as well

Reviewer 2: key setting is `hsts_seconds` if seconds is "0" then the header is not rendered regardless of values on other settings 

example 1 `mc admin config set play browser hsts_seconds=500` will render

```
Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=500
```

example 2 `mc admin config set play browser hsts_seconds=500 hsts_include_subdomains=on` will render

```
Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=500; includeSubDomains
```

example 3 `mc admin config set play browser hsts_seconds=500 hsts_include_subdomains=on hsts_preload=on` will render

```
Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=500; includeSubDomains; preload
```

Author: These examples help a ton @pjuarezd 🎉

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Environment Variables
      :sync: envvar

      .. envvar:: MINIO_BROWSER_HSTS_INCLUDE_SUB_DOMAINS

         Set to ``on`` to append ``includeSubDomains`` to the ``Strict-Transport-Security`` header.
	 Defaults to ``off``.

      .. code-block:: shell
         :class: copyable

         set MINIO_BROWSER_HSTS_INCLUDE_SUB_DOMAINS="on"

      .. envvar:: MINIO_BROWSER_HSTS_PRELOAD

	 Set to ``on`` to include this header in the HSTS preloading list.
	 Defaults to ``off``.

      .. code-block:: shell
         :class: copyable

         set MINIO_BROWSER_HSTS_INCLUDE_SUB_DOMAINS="on"

      .. envvar:: MINIO_BROWSER_HSTS_SECONDS

	 The ``max_age`` the configured policy remains in effect, in seconds. 

> 	 Defaults to ``0``.

Reviewer: is ``0`` here the equivalent of indefinite? Otherwise these two sentences combined implies the policy expires immediately.

Reviewer 2: "0" is default value, it means "expiration is in 0 seconds" which is the same that not render the header at all, in other words, "0" is disabled.

               hsts_include_subdomains="on" \
               hsts_seconds="31536000" \
               [ARGUMENT=VALUE ...]

      .. mc-conf:: browser hsts_preload
         :delimiter: " "

         Set to ``on`` to direct the client browser to add the MinIO Console domain to its HSTS preload list.
         Defaults to ``off``.

         .. code-block:: shell
            :class: copyable

            mc admin config set browser \
               hsts_preload="on" \
               hsts_seconds="31536000" \
               [ARGUMENT=VALUE ...]

      .. mc-conf:: browser hsts_seconds
         :delimiter: " "

         The ``max_age`` the configured policy remains in effect, in seconds.
         Defaults to ``0``, disabled.
         You **must** configure a *non-zero* duration to enable the ``Strict-Transport-Security`` header.

         .. code-block:: shell
            :class: copyable

            mc admin config set browser \
               hsts_seconds="31536000" \
               [ARGUMENT=VALUE ...]

Examples
++++++++

The following examples show the rendered header for the given configuration settings.
The equivalent environment variables generate the same result.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All examples use a value of ``31536000``, which is the number of seconds in a calendar year (365 days).

```

               [ARGUMENT=VALUE ...]

Strict Transport Security
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

*Optional*

Configure MinIO console to generate a `Strict-Transport-Security <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_Strict_Transport_Security>`__ header in HTTP responses.

To generate the header, you **must** set a duration using either :envvar:`MINIO_BROWSER_HSTS_SECONDS` or :mc-conf:`~browser.hsts_seconds`.
Other HSTS settings are optional.

.. tab-set::

   .. tab-item:: Environment Variables
      :sync: envvar

      .. envvar:: MINIO_BROWSER_HSTS_INCLUDE_SUB_DOMAINS

         Set to ``on`` to also apply the configured HSTS policy to all MinIO Console subdomains.
         Defaults to ``off``.

         .. code-block:: shell
            :class: copyable

            set MINIO_BROWSER_HSTS_INCLUDE_SUB_DOMAINS="on"

      .. envvar:: MINIO_BROWSER_HSTS_PRELOAD

         Set to ``on`` to direct the client browser to add the MinIO Console domain to its HSTS preload list.
         Defaults to ``off``.

         .. code-block:: shell
            :class: copyable

            set MINIO_BROWSER_HSTS_INCLUDE_SUB_DOMAINS="on"

>       .. envvar:: MINIO_BROWSER_HSTS_SECONDS

Reviewer 3: Consider making this the first one, since it's the one required to generate the header.

         The ``max_age`` the configured policy remains in effect, in seconds.
         Defaults to ``0``, disabled.
         You **must** configure a *non-zero* duration to enable the ``Strict-Transport-Security`` header.

         .. code-block:: shell
            :class: copyable

            set MINIO_BROWSER_HSTS_SECONDS=31536000

   .. tab-item:: Configuration Settings
      :sync: config

      The following configuration settings require a service restart to take effect.

>       You can do this with :mc-cmd:`mc admin service restart`.

Reviewer 3: Maybe
```suggestion
      To restart the service, use :mc-cmd:`mc admin service restart`.
```

      .. mc-conf:: browser hsts_include_subdomains
         :delimiter: " "

         Set to ``on`` to also apply the configured HSTS policy to all MinIO Console subdomains.
         Defaults to ``off``.

         .. code-block:: shell
            :class: copyable

            mc admin config set browser \
               hsts_include_subdomains="on" \
               hsts_seconds="31536000" \
               [ARGUMENT=VALUE ...]

      .. mc-conf:: browser hsts_preload
         :delimiter: " "

         Set to ``on`` to direct the client browser to add the MinIO Console domain to its HSTS preload list.
         Defaults to ``off``.

         .. code-block:: shell
            :class: copyable

            mc admin config set browser \
               hsts_preload="on" \
               hsts_seconds="31536000" \
               [ARGUMENT=VALUE ...]

>       .. mc-conf:: browser hsts_seconds

Reviewer 3: Consider putting this first in the list, since it's the one required to generate the header.

               [ARGUMENT=VALUE ...]

      .. mc-conf:: browser hsts_preload
         :delimiter: " "

         Set to ``on`` to direct the client browser to add the MinIO Console domain to its HSTS preload list.
         Defaults to ``off``.

         .. code-block:: shell
            :class: copyable

            mc admin config set browser \
               hsts_preload="on" \
               hsts_seconds="31536000" \
               [ARGUMENT=VALUE ...]

      .. mc-conf:: browser hsts_seconds
         :delimiter: " "

         The ``max_age`` the configured policy remains in effect, in seconds.
         Defaults to ``0``, disabled.
         You **must** configure a *non-zero* duration to enable the ``Strict-Transport-Security`` header.

         .. code-block:: shell
            :class: copyable

            mc admin config set browser \
               hsts_seconds="31536000" \
               [ARGUMENT=VALUE ...]

Examples
++++++++

The following examples show the rendered header for the given configuration settings.
The equivalent environment variables generate the same result.

``hsts_seconds``

  .. code-block:: shell
     :class: copyable

>      mc admin config set play browser hsts_seconds=500

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     mc admin config set ALIAS browser hsts_seconds=500
```

Author: 👍🏻 I've got that in the edit I'm working on right now 😄

  .. code-block:: shell
     :class: copyable

     Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=500

``hsts_include_subdomains``

  .. code-block:: shell
     :class: copyable

>      mc admin config set play browser hsts_seconds=500 hsts_include_subdomains=on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     mc admin config set ALIAS browser hsts_seconds=500 hsts_include_subdomains=on
```

  .. code-block:: shell
     :class: copyable

     Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=500; includeSubDomains

``hsts_preload``

  .. code-block:: shell
     :class: copyable

>      mc admin config set play browser hsts_seconds=500 hsts_include_subdomains=on hsts_preload=on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     mc admin config set ALIAS browser hsts_seconds=500 hsts_include_subdomains=on hsts_preload=on
```
